5 By 8 Soft Grey Patched Fluffy Carpets
KSh 2,199
KSh 2,299
4%
In stock

+ shipping from KSh 170 to CBD - UON/Globe/Koja/River Road
3.8 out of 5
(29 verified ratings)
Variation available

5*8

Add to cart
Promotions
Easy and safer payments via the JumiaPay App.
Report incorrect product information
Delivery & Returns
Choose your location

Nairobi

CBD - UON/Globe/Koja/River Road
Pickup Station
Details
Delivery Fees KSh 170
Ready for pickup between 22 August and 25 August if you place your order within the next 49mins
Door Delivery
Details
Delivery Fees KSh 290
Ready for delivery between 22 August and 25 August if you place your order within the next 49mins
Return Policy
Easy Return, Quick Refund.Details

Seller Information
EthanMShop

90%Seller Score

20 Followers

Follow
Seller Performance
Shipping speed: Excellent

Quality Score: Excellent

Customer Rating: Average

Product details
This woolen shag rug in cotton Fluffy material and a thick surface is the ideal carpet for your home that will give you value for your money. It is very soft for a warm and cozy living space and easy to care for. Add a chic, fresh  to your favourite room. This floor carpet will protect your floor from damage and enable you to easily and smoothly roll from task to task in your workspace or home. Carpets are available in a vast variety of colors. You can choose anything ranging from green, blue, purple, pink or cream to a more elaborate tone that matches up with other things in your room. This Carpet will add to the nice appearance of a surface. A carpet that is very unique, first life, fluffy, very soft and smooth giving you the ideal feeling that keeps your feet warm giving you a relaxed mood. It improves the look of your sitting room by making it more appealing.

Soft fluffy carpets
Ideal size
Comfortable feeling on your feet
Easy to clean
Environmentally friendly
Specifications
Key Features
Soft fluffy carpets
Ideal size
Comfortable feeling on your feet
Easy to clean
Environmentally friendly
What’s in the box
1 Fluffy Carpet

Specifications
SKU: GE840FD4IKYEZNAFAMZ
Weight (kg): 1
Shop Type: Jumia Mall
